I have in watts on monday or today
whatever i just whats up i do
my mobile phone h and yes we are we whole
interesting to look at
because I'm just these top new apps
discovered and so I must me
quite interesting that I spend the evening in
dear audience wish me and yes that
I'll do it now and I would
say we just start right away
I have the iphone 5 in silver here
and already come down really handy
It's because she can already
you fell down and so you
are not that delicious anymore
form error is already partially ignored
Just time I'm just not yet
come to want to buy new hands
and hopefully the wrong thing will happen
I just pay attention to what I pay
my cellphone but that's how we start
Here is just my normal
home screen and here I have
all the apps are already on
The mobile phone above were like photos calendar
news and so on and now to
next page where i see all my apps
I downloaded first
blocked here and I look
I always liked to be the recipe so
is easy to imitate and to
get inspirations
I think the app is actually quite good
You can also watch the videos here
watch them and such a workout calendar
I do not do something personally
make but also very practical then
I have instagram and he on instagram
hot the osi food there you can me
like to follow something like that here
is written and there I am
relatively active so yes and then I have
here's rookie that's
photo editing program and pick sad
is synonymous as a photo editing program
although I do not use both that often
and then I have how hard yes there I am
also felt 24 hours a day in one
fun
I just get inspired
johnen and I just like I said
with inspirations get really great
then I have tumblr calm and rest
my day I spend love tumblr
I am also very active and me
follow here most people posting themselves
less herself but not her
Of course you can also follow here
and two sharks and that means also here
it would have thought of rosi future
and yes I love tumblr as if it were still
no tumblr should definitely have a look
look at
hannah like snapshots app and then
I'm also completely on twitter on twitter
a lot and i love to call twitter relatively
I often but sometimes and on
twitter I not hot rosy youtube
but underlined m & a on twitter
I'm also very happy and then I have
sm or shazam I always said fun
have and that is easy if you are a song
in the radio and does not know what it's called
then you click on it and he recognizes
then just the song that very convenient
is like I said if you have a song that
one very much yes and here my mom
Called interesting and then I have
you really have a lot of bad tracks
So just say you give yours
mood and come here completely
different playlist out and get me
fully finished
that belongs and I'm just very
practical and ex I almost believe
my favorite app besides instagram and
then i'll have another club
You can also listen to songs if you like
no internet just search then
could hear it all the time
then of course I have youtube there okay
youtube crashed interesting what
my ok youtube crashed yes and
then I have a movie easy to
to edit small films on the mobile phone
Here I have my facebook and then the
big day light up and you can
just give your own rhine and then
Count the days and you can do it here
beautify so blabla and of course zara
because I just like to go easy and go
I do not know where I get bored
how did you downloaded the app
Download everything
no idea is easy as a driver I
believe that we serve services because ball
Often I am there too
not and then I have something here
times bb scotty very cool so if you
For example, where do you want to go?
do not know how and that just says how
get there the fastest bus in which
to drive and that is now
for Austria but I think that gives
look for germany so what
something similar
and yes, and then I still have the hand
I was too lazy until now
I have to say yes
madness but just there you can do so
Upload photos of sarhan probably not
know where they are from and he tells you
then from where that is and yes or where it is
Similar things are there and I should
log in and yes it might be
not a bad plan from the iphone
iphone day and i hope you have
reasonably it was found and what I am
to say otherwise is that starting next
week my back to school series start
becomes
so it's gonna be three
smaller videos on the subject of back to school
come
I hope girlfriend already I am dear
the fans cool as dyed and yes if
I say all that is that I again
did a blog and this time
I would like to seriously pull as
mail to date remain soon
look for the infobox over then
I linked my blog and the
link is synonymous if now on my channel
So no, she always does that
drop by and even then
outfit post and so enter but this time
I just want to pull six and I want to do it
have already made two blog post and yes
and then I would say
I believe not be long and we
See you next time